c:\users\usman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TrainAPI\TrainAPI\bin\TrainAPI.dll.config
c:\users\usman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TrainAPI\TrainAPI\bin\TrainAPI.dll
c:\users\usman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TrainAPI\TrainAPI\bin\TrainAPI.pdb
c:\users\usman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TrainAPI\TrainAPI\bin\Microsoft.Azure.AppService.ApiApps.Service.dll
c:\users\usman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TrainAPI\TrainAPI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\usman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TrainAPI\TrainAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\usman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TrainAPI\TrainAPI\bin\Swashbuckle.Core.dll
c:\users\usman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TrainAPI\TrainAPI\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\users\usman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TrainAPI\TrainAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\usman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TrainAPI\TrainAPI\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\users\usman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TrainAPI\TrainAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
c:\users\usman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TrainAPI\TrainAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\usman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TrainAPI\TrainAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\usman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TrainAPI\TrainAPI\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\usman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TrainAPI\TrainAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\usman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TrainAPI\TrainAPI\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
c:\users\usman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TrainAPI\TrainAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
c:\users\usman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TrainAPI\TrainAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\usman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TrainAPI\TrainAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\usman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TrainAPI\TrainAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\usman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TrainAPI\TrainAPI\obj\Release\TrainAPI.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\usman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TrainAPI\TrainAPI\obj\Release\TrainAPI.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\usman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TrainAPI\TrainAPI\obj\Release\TrainAPI.dll
c:\users\usman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TrainAPI\TrainAPI\obj\Release\TrainAPI.pdb
